Update apm.md (#33848)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/apm.md

Analytics monitors allow you to visualize APM data over time and set up alerts based on Indexed Spans. For example, use an Analytics monitor to receive alerts on a spike in slow requests.

> ### Automatic APM Monitors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Automatic APM monitors
```

Automatic Monitors for APM are available to new organizations and activate as soon as the Datadog Agent is installed and spans begin flowing into Datadog. This provides immediate alerting coverage on your key services with minimal configuration.

> Datadog automatically creates monitors for service entry points to provide immediate alerting coverage on your key services with minimal configuration. These entry points are identified by operations tagged with [span.kind][8]:server or span.kind:consumer and represent where requests enter your service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitors are automatically created for service entry points, which are identified by operations tagged with [span.kind][8]:server or span.kind:consumer and represent where requests enter your service. 
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to remove some content that's redundant with the previous paragraph.

Also, the link is currently broken because the reference link on line 135 is within a tab. This link will need to move to the list of reference links beginning on line 149 (I'm unable to make a suggestion in that part of the file).

> Automatic Monitors for APM include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic monitors for APM include:
```

Error rate threshold monitors
Created per service entry point using APM trace metrics. These alert you when error behavior spikes and ensure your most critical endpoints are covered by default. A default error rate of 10% is set, which you can configure. 
Watchdog anomaly monitors

> Automatically detect unusual patterns in latency, errors, and request volume (hits) for all services without requiring you to manually configure thresholds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watchdog anomaly monitors automatically detect unusual patterns in latency, errors, and request volume (hits) for all services without requiring you to manually configure thresholds.
```

Analytics monitors allow you to visualize APM data over time and set up alerts based on Indexed Spans. For example, use an Analytics monitor to receive alerts on a spike in slow requests.

### Automatic APM monitors

Automatic Monitors for APM are available to new organizations and activate as soon as the Datadog Agent is installed and spans begin flowing into Datadog. This provides immediate alerting coverage on your key services with minimal configuration.

> Monitors are automatically created for service entry points, which are identified by operations tagged with [span.kind][6]:server or span.kind:consumer and represent where requests enter your service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitors are automatically created for service entry points, which are identified by operations tagged with `[span.kind][6]:server` or `span.kind:consumer` and represent where requests enter your service. 
```

Automatic monitors for APM include:

#### Error rate threshold monitors

> Error rate threshold monitors are created per service entry point using APM trace metrics. These alert you when error behavior spikes and helps ensure your most critical endpoints are covered by default. A default error rate of 10% is set, which you can configure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Error rate threshold monitors are created per service entry point using APM trace metrics. These alert you when error behavior spikes and help ensure your most critical endpoints are covered by default. The default error rate is 10%, but can be configured for your environment. 
```

Watchdog anomaly monitors
Watchdog anomaly monitors automatically detect unusual patterns in latency, errors, and request volume (hits) for all services without requiring you to manually configure thresholds.

**Note**: Datadog automatically creates monitors as new service entry points are observed to maintain coverage without gaps. This automatic creation capability is only available during a trial.

> You can view and manage all automatically created monitors on the Monitors page, where they can be edited, cloned, or disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view and manage all automatically created monitors on the [Monitors page][7], where they can be edited, cloned, or disabled.
```
